this spring season the main focus is
bold patterns you don't have to
necessarily we're crazy floral animal
prints if it is too crazy for you I
personally prefer black and white
patterns that can be worn with
everything and anything Here I am
pairing it with a white boyfriend blazer
it is my favorite blazer type because it
is loosely fitted and longer so you can
wear it with both tops and dresses here
is an example of a floral pattern the
patterns composed of small flowers and a
color transition is settled actually got
this dress on the clearance rack at
target for only five hour here we have a
tube tops and simple twisting of fabric
at the boss I'm extremely into high
waisted shorts and skirts so I paired it
up with a dark purple silk skirt simple
outfits are great because you can always
accessorize them since it is so chula so
you can add types and a jacket my outfit
is quite simple to start with soy de
Soto to adding more detailed Navy ruffle
jacket here's an example of wearing
floral print but subtly the skirt has
very small multicolored flowers on a
black background
chose a thick black belt to cinch my
waistline and give me curvier figure if
you don't usually wear this kind of belt
you should get at least one black one
that is versatile with anything casual
yet sexy tomboy outfits in neutral
outfits like these I prefer to have a
main focus piece in this case it is the
red tie but I also included my pink
converse for more feminine field here I
cut the dress shirt and paired it up
with a pair of high-waisted denim shorts
I wanted a laid-back feel so I unbutton
a couple buttons on the dress shirt this
out could have saved from many casual
events and it has a nice Ralph Lauren
style to it I am also wearing a pair of
black strappy heels which are really in
this season East pair of heels are
unique in the sunset they are gray
instead of the conventional black pair
robbers are back and they're not only
for baby here you have a black and new
tie-dye print Robert robbers are meant
to have a slightly loose fit I decided
to pair it up with a pair nude pumps to
match the detailing on the wrapper
itself here is a more baggy romper with
blue background and tiny multicolored
flowers this is another example of
pattern here i have a navy and white
striped cami with a black mini skirt
that has pockets the pockets make the
outfit more casual
again because up it is so simple i
paired up with a detailed jacket here is
the basic everyday wear outfit I decided
to have a bright top since I plan to
have darker colors for the rest of the
outfit you can pair a different kind of
jacket to change the looks entirely
first jacket is the most fancy it has a
lot of detailing and rustling to it
second jacket is a more simple boyfriend
blazer with gray detailing on it and if
you want to look a little more rockin go
for the third jacket which is a leather
jacket and it's faux of course here I'm
wearing a simple purple sweater dress
paired with a cardigan because sweater
dresses solve a short sleep okay wearing
a bandeau is a great way to show less
skin I personally have both black and
nude bandos for those revealing backless
tops instead of wearing petals or
nothing at all I prefer to wear a cute
lace bandeau great thing about long tops
is that you can pair them with either
types or jeans right now I'm wearing
tights and flat if that can be too much
for you at times don't hesitate to just
layer
here are just change into a pair of dark
denim jeans with brown boots and gold
buckles
for those chilly days that you want to
be comfy okay let's be real here not
every day is a glammed up day here's a
great way to dress comfortable but still
be cute at the same time what I did here
is war a long hoodie with a frilly
eyelet bot also some boots knee high
socks and a bra here is another version
of the same crap that's we've talked
about on those chilly spring days
instead of wearing a jacket over your
dress you can just wear a long sleeve
shirt under it and I just peered this
off with some boots and leggings again
this is just another outfit of the same
concept
the ultimate cold spring day I have here
a hoodie vest scarf jeans and my hunter
whaley so these cute earmuffs remember
that accessories can alter your outfit
can't get enough a lot more